Every person, including identical twins, has a unique eye & tongue print along with their finger print.
If monkeys eat too many un-ripe bananas their tongue and eyes will turn green.
Michelle Druggar holds the record for largest human family, having given birth to 17 children.
Charlie Chaplin once won third prize in a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
There are over a million described species of insects.
There are crabs that are the size of a pea. There are known as ‘Pea Crabs’.
Chicken today contains 266 percent more fat than it did 40 years ago.
There is no solid proof of who built the Taj Mahal.
There is an average of 61 thousand people flying over the United States at any given moment.
Although modern images of India often show poverty and lack of development, India was the richest country in the world.
Alligators cannot move backwards.
The human body is comprised of 80% water.
Rats and horses can’t vomit.
Camel's milk does not curdle.
It is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
A poem written to celebrate a wedding is called a epithalamium.
Dr. Seuss pronounced his name 'soyce'.
Lizards can self-amputate their tails for protection. It grows back after a few months.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
The cheetah is the only cat that can't retract its claws.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. You have been warned!
Dartboards are made out of horse hairs.
you should Never get a camel angry, for it will spit at you.
A blind chameleon still changes colors to match his environment.
A necropsy is an autopsy on animals.
Gorillas often sleep for up to fourteen hours a day.
Only female mosquitoes bite.
If you feed a seagull Alka-Seltzer, its stomach will explode.
It is estimated that millions of trees are planted by forgetful squirrels.
The international telephone dialing code for Antarctica is 672.
I am. is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
John Adams, Thomas Jefferson, and James Monroe all died on July 4th.
The first McDonald's restaurant in Canada was in Richmond, British Columbia.
In 1905, 18 men died from injuries sustained on the football field. President Theodore Roosevelt stepped in and instituted safety measures to make the game safer.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Negative emotions such as anxiety and depression can weaken your immune system.
Cat’s urine glows under a black light.
The first players elected to Baseball Hall of Fame were Ty Cobb, Babe Ruth, Honus Wagner, Christy Mathewson & Walter Johnson in 1936
Antarctica's residents are scientific and support staffs who usually stay no more than a year at a time.
Ketchup was originally a fish sauce originating in the orient
Hummingbirds are the only animals that can fly backwards.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Astronaut Neil Armstrong first stepped on the moon with his left foot.
Coconut water can be used in an emergency as a substitute for blood plasma.
The city of Venice stands on about 120 small islands.
Harvard uses Yale brand locks on their buildings;Yale uses Best brand.
The Morgan's Sphinx Moth from Madagascar has a proboscis (tube mouth) that is 12 to 14 inches long to get the nectar from the bottom of a 12 inch deep orchid discovered by Charles Darwin.
Kuwait is about 60% male (highest in the world). Latvia is about 54% female (highest in the world).
Some moths never eat anything as adults because they don't have mouths. They must live on the energy they stored as caterpillars.
Children grow faster in the springtime.
A male chimpanzee is 5 times hornier than the average human male.
Bananas are about 99.5% fat free.
Boxing became a legal sport in 1901.
In Paris, the McDonalds big 'M' is the only one in the world that is white, rather than yellow, it was thought that yellow was too tacky.
Herons have been observed to drop insects on the water and then catch the fish that surface for the bugs.
There are over 500 different types of bananas. That means if you ate a different kind of banana everyday, it would take almost a year and a half to eat every one!
Broccoli and cauliflower are the only vegetables that are flowers.
Chuck Norris doesn’t mow his lawn, he dares his grass to grow
Sports command the biggest television audiences, led by the summer Olympics, World Cup Football and Formula One racing.
The male gypsy moth can smell the virgin female gypsy moth from 8 miles away.
The average human blinks their eyes 6,205,000 times each year.
Prisons don’t keep society safe from criminals. Prisons keep criminals safe from Chuck Norris, for now.
The New York Yankees have won 26 World Series titles, which is more than any other team.
Dr. Seuss coined the word nerd in his 1950 book 'If I Ran The Zoo.'
A group of owls is called a parliament.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first class.
There are over 70,000 types of spiders spinning their webs in the world.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
About 500 movies are made in the US and 800 in India annually.
In Irian, Jaya exists a tribe of tall. white people whose parrots are a warning sign against intruders.
In 1980, a Las Vegas hospital suspended workers for betting on when patients would die.
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!
A snail can sleep for three years.
Dominica, Mexico, Zambia, Kiribati, Fiji and Egypt all have birds on their flags.
In England, in the 1880's pants was considered a dirty word.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with orange, purple, silver and month.
An average human loses about 200 head hairs per day.
A large swarm of locusts can eat 80,000 tons of corn in a day.
Hippopotamuses do eighty percent of their vocalization under water.
A lump of pure gold the size of a matchbox car can be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court.
A jiffy is an actual unit of time for 1/100th of a second. Thus the saying, I will be there in a jiffy!
You can lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
Chuck Norris grew a beard at the age of eighteen. Seconds.
Paraskevidekatriaphobia means fear of Friday the 13th, which occurs one to three times a year.
In 1961, MIT student Steve Russell, created SPACEWARS, the first interactive computer game, on a Digital PDP-1 (Programmed Data Processor-1) mainframe computer. Limited by the computer technology of the time, ASCII text characters were the 'graphics' and people could only play the game on a device that took up the floorspace of a small house.
$283,200 is the absolute highest amount of money you can win on Jeopardy.
Humphrey Bogart NEVER said 'Play it again, Sam' in Casablanca
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
If you look carefully at the picture of Mona Lisa, you will notice a bridge in the background.
Before the turn of the century, prize fighters fought bare fisted. Matches sometimes lasted more than one hundred rounds and were counted by knock outs.
Ghosts sit around the campfire and tell Chuck Norris stories.
The zorilla is the smelliest animal on the planet. It's anal glands can be smelled from half a mile away.
A square mile of fertile earth has 32,000,000 earthworms in it.
Carolyn Shoemaker has discovered 32 comets and approximately 300 asteroids.
There are about a million ants per person. Ants are very social animals and will live in colonies that can contain almost 500,000 ants.
Ignoramus: The grand jury used to write ignoramus on the back of indictments not found or not to be sent to court. This was often constructed as an indication of the stupidity of the jury, hence its present meaning.
When the Titanic sank, 2228 people were on it. Only 706 survived.
If you put a drop of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
The elephant is the only mammal that can't jump.
In English, four is the only digit that has the same number of letters as its value.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue!
The 'Dull Men's Hall of Fame' is located in Carroll, Wisconsin.
In Hartford, Connecticut, it is illegal for a husband to kiss his wife on Sundays.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and six days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
More people are afraid of spiders than death. Amazingly, few people are afraid of Champagne corks even though you are more likely to be killed by one than by a spider.
When Chuck Norris throws you into a bottomless pit, you hit the bottom.
Elephants are the only mammals that cannot jump.
You are more likely to be killed by a champagne cork than by a poisonous spider.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Despite the white, fluffy appearance of Polar Bears fur, it actually has black skin.
If you come from Manchester, you are a Mancunian.
Hedenophobic means fear of pleasure.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
There are 318,979,564,000 possible combinations of the first four moves in Chess.
Butterflies can see red, green, and yellow.
A creep is a metallurgical term for when something that is normally very strong bends because of gravity. This happens to many metals at high temperatures, where they won't melt but they will creep.
No piece of square dry paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
Some worms will eat themselves if they can't find any food!
A cow gives nearly 200,000 glasses of milk in her lifetime.
A lion in the wild usually makes no more than 20 kills a year.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
California consumes more bottled water than any other product.
The life of a housefly is only 14 days.
The Automated Teller Machine (ATM) was introduced in England in 1965.
A mole can dig a tunnel 300 feet (91 m) long in just one night.
Most household dust is made of dead skin cells.
Every day, 7% of the US eats at McDonald’s.
About 200,000,000 M&Ms are sold each day in the United States.
Olympus Mons is the largest volcano in our solar system. All the moons of the solar system are named after Greek and Roman mythology, except the moons of Uranus which are named after Shakesperean characters.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
The state of Maryland has no natural Lakes.
Americans eat about 30 pounds of lettuce every year. That’s about five times more than what we ate in the early 1900s.
Rhinos are in the same family as horses, and are thought to have inspired the myth of the unicorn.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people
Sharon Stone was the first Star Search spokes model.
Sex is the safest tranquilizer in the world. IT IS 10 TIMES MORE EFFECTIVE THAN VALIUM.
Buckingham Palace in England has over six hundred rooms.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
About 14% of injecting drug users are HIV positive.
The top butterfly flight speed is 12 miles per hour. Some moths can fly 25 miles per hour!
Methane gas can often be seen bubbling up from the bottom of ponds. It is produced by the decomposition of dead plants and animals in the mud.
It can take as long as 4 hours to hard-boil an ostrich egg.
In golf, a ‘Bo Derek’ is a score of 10.
The name Jeep comes from 'GP', the army abbreviation for General Purpose.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
In the Philippines, MABUHAY means Hello.
The distance between the pitcher’s rubber and home plate in baseball is 60 feet, 6 inches
The Chuck E. Cheese franchise was created by Atari, a resteraunt combining robotic animals and arcade games with family meals. They name the franchise a Pizza Time Theater. Chuck E. Cheese was first opened in 1977.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
If a horse wins a race “hands down” it means the jockey never raised his whip during the race.
On March 2, 1962, Philadelphia center Wilt Chamberlain scored 100 points in one game against New York. That is the most one player has ever scored in one game.
The hammerthrow is illegal as a high school sport in all states except Rhode Island.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
In space, astronauts cannot cry, because there is no gravity, so the tears can't flow.
Duff' is the decaying organic matter found on a forest floor.
A female swine, or a sow, will always have a even number of teats or nipples, usually twelve.
Each year in America there are about 300,000 deaths that can be attributed to obesity.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
Clans long ago that wanted to get rid of their unwanted people without killing them use to burn down their houses--hence the expression get fired.
In the United States, lettuce is the second most popular fresh vegetable.
Bananas are a great source of potassium. Potassium helps build muscle power and keeps your body fluids in balance.
The NY phone book had 22 Hitlers before WWII. The NY phone book had 0 Hitlers after WWII.
A skunk's smell can be detected by a human a mile away.
The first bomb the Allies dropped on Berlin in WWII killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
The only real person to be a PEZ head was Betsy Ross.
Proportional to their size, cats have the largest eyes of all mammals.
A rainbow can only occur when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
In ancient Greece 'idiot' meant a private citizen or layman.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
If you travel across the Russia, you will cross seven time zones.
The average raindrop falls at 7 miles per hour.
Elephants are the only mamals that can’t jump.
If Chuck Norris were to ever run out of ammo, his weapon would continue to fire out of fear of disappointing Chuck Norris.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
In 1949, forecasting the relentless march of science, Popular Mechanics said computers in the future may weigh no more than 5 tons.
Pitcher Nolan Ryan played 27 seasons in major league baseball and struck out more batters in his career than any other pitcher
There are more than 7,000 varieties of apples grown in the world.
The male seahorse carries the eggs until they hatch instead of the female.
Ham radio operators got the term ham coined from the expression ham-fisted operators a term used to describe early radio users who sent Morse code (i.e pounded their fists).
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
The national sport of Japan is sumo wrestling.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
Koalas never drink water. They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat.
Ballroom dancing is a major at Brigham University.
Orange Juice naturally contains a small amount of alcohol.
The lifespan of 75 percent of wild birds is 6 months.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that’s why there are no signs of life.
An average human scalp has 100,000 hairs.
The most popular first name in the world is Muhammad.
A group of toads is called a knot.
The U.S. city with the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita is Clearwater, Florida.
It takes the stomach an hour to break down cows’ milk.
Until 1997, there were more pigs than people in Denmark.
Rodent's teeth never stop growing.
Half of all bank robberies take place on a Friday.
Honey is the only food that doesn’t spoil.
The Olympic was the sister ship of the Titanic, and she provided twenty-five years of service.
Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different!
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.
All totalled, the sunlight that strikes Earth at any given moment weighs as much as an ocean liner.
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
Louisiana's capital building is the tallest one of any U.S. state.
All porcupines float in water.
There is actually no danger in swimming right after you eat, though it may feel uncomfortable.
More than 1,000 different languages are spoken on the continent of Africa.
Ancient Egyptian priests would pluck every hair from their bodies.
About 25% of all iceberg lettuce is made into fresh cut salads.
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over million descendants.
The first streetlights in America were installed in Philadelphia around 1757.
Sex is biochemically no different from eating large quantities of chocolate.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Our eyes are always the same size from birth but our nose and ears never stop growing.
Nutritious food costs 10 times as much as junk food.
It is impossible to lick your elbow.
Mosquitoes can be annoying insects but did you know that it’s only the female mosquito that actually bites humans.
Once the cop pulled over Chuck Norris….the cop was lucky to leave with a warning.
The 57 on the Heinz ketchup bottle represents the number of pickle types the company once had.
Kite flying is a professional sport in Thailand.
The U.S. bought Alaska for 2 cents an acre from Russia.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Degringolade means to fall and disintegrate.
Pinocchio is Italian for 'pine head.'
A standard grave is 7'8 x 3'2 x 6.
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
13% of Americans actually believe that some parts of the moon are made of cheese.
President John F Kennedy could read 4 newspapers in 20 minutes.
The venom of the Australian Brown Snake is so powerful only 1/14,000th of an ounce is enough to kill a human.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil.
Peter Falk, who played 'Columbo,' has a glass eye.
To wear a “visor” on your helmet in the NFL, you have to have a doctors note. Almost all the visors in the NFL are prescription.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
Emus and kangaroos can't walk backwards.
Average lifespan of a major league baseball: 5 pitches.
Nepal is the only country that doesn’t have a rectangular flag.
China's largest city is Shanghai.
The most sensitive cluster of nerves is at the base of the spine.
In the Durango desert, in Mexico, there's a creepy spot called the Zone of Silence. You can't pick up clear TV or radio signals. And locals say fireballs sometimes appear in the sky.
The Nullarbor Plain of Australia covers 100,000 square miles (160,900 km) without a tree.
Because of a large orbital eccentricity, Pluto was closer to the sun than Neptune between January 1979 and March 1999.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
According to the Texas Department of Transportation, one person is killed annually painting stripes on the state's highways and roads.
It takes 12,000 head of cattle to produce one pound of adrenaline.
You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
The shortest British monarch was Charles I, who was 4 feet 9 inches.
A group of hares is called a Husk.
25% of a human’s bones are in its feet.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
In most watch advertisements the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
A two-bit moon is in its first quarter.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
One in every 4 Americans has appeared on television.
In 1845, ice shipped to Tallahassee cost $1 per pound.
Human thighbones are stronger than concrete.
Dr. Seuss pronounced his name so that it would rhyme with rejoice.
Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under his cap to keep him cool! He changed it every 2 innings!
Beethoven dipped his head in cold water before he composed.
Fishing is the biggest participant sport in the world.
Golden toads are so rare that a biological reserve has been specifically created for them.
Cats’ urine glows under a black light.
A snail can have 25,000 teeth.
28% of Africa is classified as wilderness. In North America, its 38%.
At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
Sir Isaac Newton was only 23 years old when he discovered the law of universal gravitation.
According to Douglas Adams, a Salween is the faint taste of dishwashing liquid in a cup of fresh tea.
A Flemish artist is responsible for the world's smallest paintings in history. It is a picture of a miller and his mill, and it was painted onto a grain of corn.
Insects outnumber humans 100,000,000 to one.
A word or sentence that is the same front and back (racecar, kayak) is called a 'palindrome'.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity – twice.
A cubic mile of fog is made up of less than a gallon of water.
In the UK, there is no act of parliament making it illegal to commit murder. Murder is only illegal due to legal precedent.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying!
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
Eggs contain most of the recognised vitamins with the exception of vitamin C.
The mother of Michael Nesmith of 'The Monkees' invented whiteout.
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
The Brimstone butterfly (Gonepterix rhamni) has the longest lifetime of the adult butterflies: 9-10 months.
Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
Brachiosaurus had a heart the size of a pickup truck.
Canada' is an Indian word meaning 'Big Village'.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
On average a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
A crocodiles mouth is attached to the roof of its mouth.
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
The Portuguese jellyfish tentacles have been known to grow a mile in length, catching anything in it's path by stinging it's prey.
Frog-eating bats identify edible from poisonous frogs by listening to the mating calls of male frogs. Frogs counter by hiding and using short, difficult to locate calls.
Ghosts appear in 4 Shakespearian plays; Julius Caesar, Richard III, Hamlet and Macbeth.
Cat's urine glows under a blacklight.
There was once an undersea post office in the Bahamas.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments
No word in the English language rhymes with 'MONTH'.
Sugar was first added to chewing gum in 1869 by a dentist, William Semple.
If a frog's mouth is held open for too long the frog will suffocate.
The penguin is the only bird that can swim but can't fly.
In 1990, Engineers digging a railway tunnel under the English Channel broke through the last dividing rock and joined Britain to mainland Europe for the first time since the Ice Age.
Chameleons can move their eyes in two directions at the same time.
A group of crows is called a murder.
The human brain is about 75% water.
A sheep, a duck and a rooster were the first animals to fly in a hot air balloon. The oldest breed of a dog known to mankind is the ‘Saluki’.
In Kentucky, it is illegal to carry ice-cream in your back pocket.
Columbia University is the second largest landowner in New York City, after the Catholic Church.
A group of frogs is called an army.
In the Arctic, the sun sometimes appears to be square.
There are 10 human body parts that are only 3 letters long (eye hip arm leg ear toe jaw rib lip gum).
For much of the way, the Lewis and Clark expedition was led by a woman, Sacagawea, a Shoshone Indian. That's where that saying came from... Behind every successful man, there is a woman with a road map.
King Louis XIX ruled France for 15 minutes.
The rhinoceros beetle is the strongest animal and is capable of lifting 850 times its own weight.
Grapes explode when you put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then
In a tradition dating to the begining of the Westminster system of government, the bench in the middle of a Westminster parliarment is two and a half sword lengths long. This was so the government and oppositon couldn't have a go at each other if it all got a bit heated
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years!
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child
Korfball is the only sport played with mixed teams, consisting of 4 men and 4 women.
The horn of a rhinoceros is made from compacted hair rather than bone or another substance.
Grocers don’t have to tell you where your salad comes from.
There is a city in Norway called 'Hell'
The official beverage of Ohio is tomato juice.
Coconuts kill about 150 people each year. That’s more than sharks.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
John Wilkes Booth’s brother once saved the life of Abraham Lincoln’s son.
Iron nails cannot be used in aok because the acid in the wood corrodes them.
When we think of Big Ben in London, we think of the clock. Actually, it's the bell.
At any given time, there are 1,800 thunderstorms in progress over the earth's atmosphere.
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
You is the second most spoken English word
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen’s 'Born in the USA'.
Isaac Asimov is the only author to have a book in every Dewey-decimal category.
Elwood Edwards did the voice for the AOL sound files (i.e. 'You’ve got Mail!').
Rhythm is the longest English word without a vowel.
Chuck Norris runs until the treadmill gets tired
The average cough comes out of your mouth at 60 miles (96.5 km) per hour.
Nerve impulses to and from the brain travel as fast as 170 miles (274 km) per hour.
In the 40's, the Bich pen was changed to Bic for fear that Americans would pronounce it 'Bitch.'
All the gold produced in the past five hundred years, if melted, could be compressed into a 50-foot cube.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
The 'save' icon in Microsoft Office programs shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
Nevada is the driest state in the U.S.. Each year it averages 7.5 inches (19 cm) of rain.
In downtown Lima, Peru, there is a large brass statue dedicated to Winnie-the-Pooh.
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Sherlock Holmes NEVER said 'Elementary, my dear Watson'
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave.
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and just 108.7 acres.
A downburst is a downward blowing wind that sometimes comes blasting out of a thunderstorm. The damage looks like tornado damage, since the wind can be as strong as an F2 tornado, but debris is blown straight away from a point on the ground. It's not lifted into the air and transported downwind.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Maine is the only state that has borders with only one other state.
The average Japanese household watches more than 10 hours of television a day.
At latitude 60 degrees south you can sail all the way around the world.
Orcas (killer whales) kill sharks by torpedoing up into to shark’s stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, Red Vineyard at Arles.
Ernest Vincent Wright wrote a 50,000 word novel Gatsby without any word containing 'e.'
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber’s ass.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
There are presently over a million animal species upon planet earth.
Laredo, Texas is the U.S.'s farthest inland port.
Lightning strikes the earth about 8 million times a day.
Jamaica has the most churches per square mile than any other country in the world.
Bird droppings are chief export of Nauru, an island nation in the Western Pacific.
It takes the insect-eating Venus Flytrap plant only half a second to shut its trap on its prey.
Nepal is the only country that has a non-rectangular flag. It is also asymmetrical.
Non-dairy creamer is flammable.
A person from Glasgow is called a Glaswegian.
Clinophobia is the fear of beds.
The 'spot' on the 7-Up logo comes from its inventor who had red eyes. He was an albino.
Happy as a clam is from the expression happy as a clam at high tide. Clams are only harvested when the tide is out.
A donkey will sink in quicksand but a mule won't.
A mole can dig over 250 feet of tunnel in a single night.
Coffee is the world’s most recognizable smell.
The Philippines has about 7,100 islands, of which only about 460 are more than 1 square mile in area.
In the last 4000 years no new animals have been domesticated.
Lemons contain more sugar than strawberries
God is not mentioned once in the book of Esther.
A wind with a speed of 74 miles or more is designated a hurricane.
Elephants have the longest pregnancy in the animal kingdom at 22 months. The longest human pregnancy on record is 17 months, 11 days.
Peanuts can be used for a component to make Dynamite.
In the 1930′s, American track star Jesse Owens used to race against horses and dogs to earn a living.
California has issued 6 drivers licenses to people named 'Jesus Christ.'
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza every day.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left handed people do.
One in ten people live on an island.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth's orbit around the sun.
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
Albert Einstein and Charles Darwin both married their first cousins
In Raiders of the Lost Ark there is a wall carving of R2-D2 and C-3P0 behind the ark
A crocodile cannot stick its tongue out.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn’t lifting himself up, he’s pushing the Earth down.
In America you will see an average of 500 advertisements a day.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies room during a dance.
The highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado.
Every time you lick a stamp you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
Russians generally answer the phone by saying, 'I'm listening'.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Greenland is the largest island in the world.
US Dollar bills are made out of cotton and linen.
Woodpecker scalps, porpoise teeth, and giraffe tails have all been used as money.
Sharks lay the biggest eggs in the world.
Shaquille O’Neal wears size 22 shoes. He puts on a brand new pair before every game.
160 cars can drive side by side on the Monumental Axis in Brazil, the world's widest road.
In Cleveland, Ohio it is illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
On average, 100 people choke to death on ball-point pens every year.
14% of Americans have skinny-dipped with a member of the opposite sex at least once.
Scotland has more redheads than any other part of the world.
The first meal on the moon was roast turkey, eaten by Niel Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin.
The world’s oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old!
One in every 9000 people is an albino.
A group of geese on the ground is called a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein.
It takes a sloth two weeks to digest the food it eats.
In May 1948, Mt Ruapehu and Mt Ngauruhoe, both in New Zealand, erupted simultaneously.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
Bulgarians are known to be the biggest yogurt eaters in the world.
Dogs and cats consume over $11 billion worth of pet food a year
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
Goethe couldn't stand the sound of barking dogs and could only write if he had an apple rotting in the drawer of his desk.
Bruce Lee was so fast that they actually had to s-l-o-w film down so you could see his moves.
Impotence is legal grounds for divorce in 24 American states.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
A cat's jaw cannot move sideways.
Prince Charles and Prince William never travel on the same airplane in case there is a crash.
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
Lee Harvey Oswald's cadaver tag sold at an auction for $6,600 in 1992.
Due to precipitation, for a few weeks, K2 is taller than Mt. Everest.
The largest taxi fleet in the world is found in Mexico City. The city boasts a fleet of over 60,000 taxis.
A bolt of lighting can strike the earth with a force as great as 100 million volts.
In the past 60 years, the groundhog has only predicted the weather correctly 28% of the time. The rushing back and forth from burrows is believed to indicate sexual activity, not shadow seeking.
Chocolate can kill dogs; it directly affects their heart and nervous system.
If you plant an apple seed, it is almost guaranteed to grow a tree of a different type of apple.
A shrimp’s heart is in its head.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
Barbie's full name is 'Babara Millicent Roberts.'
It is illegal to frown at cows in Bladworth, Saskatchewan.
A jumbo jet uses 4,000 gallons of fuel to take off.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp (marijuana) paper.
Angel Falls in Venezuela is the world's highest waterfall, at 3,212 feet (979 m).
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A man's beard grows fastest when he anticipates sex.
In New York State, it is illegal to but any alcohol on Sundays before noon.
A polar bears skin is black. Its fur is actually clear, but like snow it appears white.
An animal epidemic is called an epizootic.
Every year, Mexico City sinks about 10 inches.
Rudyard Kipling, living in Vermont in the 1890's invented the game of snow golf. He would paint his golf balls red so that they could be located in the snow.
If you attempted to count the stars in a galaxy at a rate of one every second it would take around 3,000 years to count them all.
A barnacle has the largest penis of any other animal in relation to its size.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth everyday.
More people are afraid of open spaces (kenophobia) than of tight spaces (claustrophobia).
In the Andes, time is often measured by how long it takes to smoke a cigarette.
The February of 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
It's against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
The Venus's flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger.
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
There is a 1 in 4 chance that New York will have a white Christmas.
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a four foot tall child inside.
Carrots have zero fat content.
In 1945 Chuck Norris drank a Redbull and jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima.
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning containing arsenic.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
A squirrel cannot contract or carry the rabies virus.
Cattle are the only mammals that are retro-mingent (they pee backwards).
Only one in two billion people will live to be 116 or older.
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
The Amazon is the world's largest river, 3,890 miles (6,259 km) long.
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
Butterflies taste with their hind feet.
The average garden variety caterpillar has 248 muscles in its head.
The blue whale can produce the loudest sound of any animal. At 188 decibels, the noise can be detected over 800 kilometres away.
If the Earth was smooth, the ocean would cover the entire surface to a depth of 12,000 feet.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
Bulls are colorblind and will usually charge at a cape regardless of colour.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
Chuck Norris doesn’t call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
The average child recognizes over 200 company logos by the time he enters first grade.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, or purple.
The small car on the road is probably the size of the heart of a blue whale.
A coward was originally a boy who took care of cows.
A large flawless emerald is worth more than a similarly large flawless diamond.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger that it’s brain.
The Chicago Bulls have won all six NBA Finals in which they’ve appeared.
South Korea is the birthplace of taekwondo, an olympic sport since 2000.
There are more donut shops in Canada per capita than any other country.
In 10 minutes, a hurricane releases more energy than all the world’s nuclear weapons combined.
Truck driving is the most dangerous occupation by accidental deaths (799 in 2001).
A forfeited game in baseball is recorded as 9-0.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Polar bears are left handed.
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs – it will let you go instantly.
Venus and Uranus are the only planets that rotate opposite to the direction of their orbit.
The sport Lacrosse was initially played by Native American Indians. They played the sport to prepare for war.
Eosophobia is the fear of dawn.
Locusts have leg muscles that are about 1000 times more powerful than an equal weight of human muscle.
Mice, whales, elephants, giraffes and man all have seven neck vertebra.
Want to known the appetite of a South American Giant Anteater? Well it eats over 30,000 ants, per day.
Ever wonder where the phrase two bits came from? Some coins used in the American colonies before the Revolutionary War were Spanish dollars, which could be cut into pieces, or bits. Since two pieces equaled one-fourth dollar, the expression two bits came into being as a name for 25 cents.
In 1859, 24 rabbits were released in Austrailia. Within six years the population grew to 2 million.
A pound of houseflies contains more protein than a pound of beef
Venus observa is the technical term for the 'missionary position.'
A jellyfish is 95% water.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Apples, potatoes, and onions all taste the same when eaten with your nose plugged.
Sweden has the least number of murders annually.
There are 318,979,564,000 ways of playing the first four turns in a game of chess. There are 169,518,829,100,544,000,000,000,000,000 ways of playing the first ten turns of a game of chess.
It’s possible to lead a cow upstairs…but not downstairs.
Cockroaches favorite food is the glue on the back of stamps.
A crocodile can’t stick it’s tongue out.
Ancient Egyptians shaved off their eyebrows to mourn the deaths of their cats.
Neurons multiply at a rate 250,000 neurons per minute during early pregnancy.
Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.
There were 240 pedestrian fatalities in New York City in 1994.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene.
Dutch painter Vincent Van Gogh cut off his left ear. His Self-portrait with the Bandaged Ear shows the right one bandaged because he painted the mirror image.
Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer are the only angels named in the Bible.
A syzygy occurs when three atronomical bodies line up.
Ninety percent of New York City cabbies are recently arrived immigrants.
Jet lag was once called boat lag, before there were jets.
The average life of a taste bud is 10 days.
Hara kiri is an impolite way of saying the Japanese word seppuku which means, literally, belly splitting.
Denver, Colorado lays claim to the invention of the cheeseburger.
There is a hotel in Sweden built entirely out of ice; it is rebuilt every year.
In France, there's a place called Y.
The average human eats 8 spiders in their lifetime at night.
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals.
Chuck Norris can build a house from the roof down
Chuck Norris won American Idol using only sign language
The Australian $5 to $100 notes are made of plastic.
All Hebrew originating names that end with the letters el have something to do with God.
In 'Silence of the Lambs', Hannibal Lector (Anthony Hopkins) never blinks.
Butterflies and insects have their skeletons on the outside of their bodies, called the exoskeleton. This protects the insect and keeps water inside their bodies so they don’t dry out.
Babies are born without knee caps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
George Washington is the only man whose birthday is a legal holiday in every state of the U.S as of a few years ago.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by taking out an olive from First Class salads.
Chuck Norris called 911 to order Chinese food and got it…..
In case of an emergency, Switzerland could fit 114% of its population in bunkers
Strawberries are the only fruit which has its seeds on its outer skin.
Every US president has worn glasses (just not always in public).
A housefly will regurgitate its food and eat it again.
Stephen Hawking was born exactly 300 years after Galileo died.
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath
Sharkskin has tiny tooth-like scales all over.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Anise is the scent on the artificial rabbit that is used in greyhound races.
Darker Green lettuce leaves are more nutritious than lighter green leaves.
Butte County, South Dakota is the geographical center of the U.S.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
The catfish has over 27000 taste buds (more than any other animal)
Pennsylvania was the first colony to legalize witchcraft.
The first novel ever written on a typewriter is Tom Sawyer.
In Washington D.C., no building can be built taller than the Capitol.
Someone paid $14,000 for the bra worn by Marilyn Monroe in the film 'Some Like It Hot'.
The dot over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
During the chariot scene in 'Ben Hur,' a small red car can be seen in the distance.
More people speak English in China than the United States.
Although 24 out of the 30 current National Hockey League teams are located in the United States, all NHL jerseys are manufactured in Canada.
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Snails can sleep for 3 years without eating
If you were to take a taxicab from New York City to Los Angeles, it would cost you $8,325.
The reptiles have 6,000 species crawling in their habitats; and more are discovered each year.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It's like a human jumping the length of a football field.
There are over 58 million dogs in the US
If you toss a penny 10,000 times it will not be heads 5000 times but more like 4950. The head picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom.
There are about 2 chickens for every human in the world.
Gold medals haven’t been pure gold in 96 years. The 1912 Olympics was the last time that gold medals were solid gold. Ever since, they’ve been silver with gold plating.
Triskaidekaphobia means fear of the number 13.
A Virginia law requires all bathtubs to be kept out in the yards, not inside the house.
During it's lifetime an oyster changes its sex from male to female and back several times.
EEG stands for Electroencephalogram.
The Beetham Tower has 47 floors.
Morihei Ueshiba, founder of Aikido, once pinned an opponent using only a single finger.
A honeybee can fly at fifteen miles per hour.
Construction workers hard hats were first invented and used in the building of the Hoover Dam in 1933.
Anteaters prefer termites to ants.
Official baseball rules state that an umpire may not be replaced during a game except if he becomes ill, injured, or if he dies.
The Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Libraries.
Cuba is the only island in the Caribbean to have a railroad.
When honey is swallowed, it enters the blood stream within a period of 20 minutes.
When young, black sea basses are mostly female, but at the age of 5 years many switch sexes to male.
In 1936, American track star Jesse Owens beat a race horse over a 100-yard course. The horse was given a head start.
Giant flying foxes that live in Indonesia have wingspans of nearly six feet.
Giraffes and rats can last longer without water than camels.
Horses and cows sleep while standing up.
Lithuania has the highest suicide rate in the world.
Coca-Cola would be green if coloring weren’t added to it.
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
Corduroy comes from the French, cord du roi or cloth of the king.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Australia is the richest source of mineral sands in the world.
A crocodile can’t move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
Any free moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere because of its surface tension.
The thyroid cartilage is more commonly known as the adams apple.
The first female guest host of 'Saturday Night Live' was Candace Bergen.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
A Boeing 747s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
Eagles can live in captivity for up to 46 years.
People photocopying their buttocks are the cause of 23% of all photocopier faults worldwide.
It’s estimated that at any one time around 0.7% of the world’s population is drunk.
The Hawaiian alphabet has only 12 letters.
If you bring a raccoon's head to the Henniker, New Hampshire town hall, you are entitled to receive $.10 from the town.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn’t built up the courage to tell him yet.
Many butterflies can taste with their feet to find out whether the leaf they sit on is good to lay eggs on to be their caterpillars' food or not.
Apart from humans, certain species of chimpanzee are the only animals to experiment sexually. They have been known to 'wife swap' and indulge in group sex.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
A 'jiffy' is the scientific name for 1/100th of a second.
Tasmania, Australia has the cleanest air in the inhabited world.
India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
Slugs have four noses.
Eating one meal of fish a week reduces your chances of getting a heart attack by 50%.
The banana plant can grow as high as 20 feet tall. That’s as big as a two-story house!
A Boeing 747's wingspan is longer than the Wright brother's first flight.
Possums have one of the shortest pregnancies at 16 days. The shortest human pregnancy to produce a healthy baby was 22 weeks, 6 days -- the baby was the length of a ballpoint pen.
When an egg floats in water, it is “off” and should not be eaten.
A group of officers is called a mess.
Kilauea (in Hawaii) is generally regarded as the world's most active volcano.
In Italy, it is illegal to make coffins out of anything except nutshells or wood.
Chevrolet tried marketing a Chevrolet Nova in Spanish speaking countries - it didn't sell well because NOVA means 'doesn't go' in Spanish.
The number 'four' is considered unlucky in Japan because it is pronounced the same as 'death'.
Coca-Cola contained Coca (whose active ingredient is cocaine) from 1885 to 1903.
In Miami, Florida, roosting vultures have taken to snatching poodles from rooftop patios.
The average shelf-life of a latex condom is about two years.
The Boston Celtics have won the most NBA championships (17), including seven straight from 1960 to 1966.
Chuck Norris won the World Series of Poker using Pokemon cards
The US has more personal computers than the next 7 countries combined.
In the 17th century, the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places. Today, to 1.2411 trillion.
The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
Dolphins can look in different directions with each eye. They can sleep with one eye open.
The first toilet ever seen on television was on 'Leave It to Beaver.'
55.1% of all US prisoners are in prison for drug offenses.
There are 1,792 steps in the Eiffel Tower
Wild Bill Hickok was killed playing poker, holding two pairs – aces and eights, which has become known as ‘Dead Man’s Hand.
Almonds are a member of the peach family.
During his entire life, Vincent Van Gogh sold exactly one painting, 'Red Vineyard at Arles'.
Giant Arctic jellyfish have tentacles that can reach over 36 metres in length.
The word 'maverick' came into use after Samuel Maverick, a Texan refused to brand his cattle.
Gymnasiums were introduced in 900BC and Greek athletes practised in the nude to the accompaniment of music. They also performed naked at the Olympic Games.
In Baltimore USA it is illegal to wash or scrub a sink regardless of how dirty it is.
The surface of the Earth is about 60% water and 10% ice.
Four men in the history of boxing have been knocked out in the first eleven seconds of the first round.
Judge Judy' has a $25,000,000 salary, while Supreme Court Justice Ginsberg has a $190,100 salary.
People say 'bless you' when you sneeze because your heart stops for a millisecond.
Butterflies range in size from a tiny 1/8 inch to a huge almost 12 inches.
In the Caribbean, there are oysters that can climb trees.
It is impossible to drown and not die. Technically the term 'drowning' refers to the process of taking water into the lungs, not to death caused by that process.
A device invented as a primitive steam engine by the Greek engineer Hero, about the time of the birth of Christ, is used today as a rotating lawn sprinkler.
A 'quidnunc' is a person who is eager to know the latest news and gossip.
Jim Morrison, of the 60's rock group The Doors, was the first rock star to be arrested on stage.
A healthy (non-colorblind) human eye can distinguish between 500 shades of gray.
If one places a tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion, it will instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
The average chocolate bar has 8 insects' legs in it.
Some Case Moth caterpillars (Psychidae) build a case around themselves that they always carry with them. It is made of silk and pieces of plants or soil.
Tina Turner's real name is Annie Mae Bullock.
Dragonflies are capable of flying sixty miles per hour, making them one of the fastest insects. This is good since they are in a big hurry, as they only live about twenty-four hours.
Los Angeles’ full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula'.
In Italy, a campaign for Schweppes Tonic Water translated the name into Schweppes Toilet Water.
There are 41,806 different spoken languages in the world today.
More than 90% of the Nicaraguan people are Roman Catholic.
Mongolia is the largest landlocked country.
The people of France eat more cheese than any other country in the world.
As well as being a famous Looney Tunes character, the Tasmanian Devil is a real animal that is only found in the wild in Tasmania, Australia. It is the largest carnivorous marsupial in the world.
An ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight. This would be like an adult person lifting two heavy cars full of people.
A snail can sleep for 3 years.
China has more English speakers than the United States.
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
You do not need cotton buds to clean a giraffe ears. It can do so with its own 50cm-tongue.
The human heart creates enough pressure in the bloodstream to squirt blood 30 feet.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
The name Wendy was made up for the book 'Peter Pan.'
Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
Studies show that if a cat falls off the seventh floor of a building it has about thirty percent less chance of surviving than a cat that falls off the twentieth floor. It supposedly takes about eight floors for the cat to realize what is occurring, relax and correct itself.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; '7' was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and 'UP' for the direction of the bubbles.
101 Dalmatians, Peter Pan, Lady and the Tramp, and Mulan are the only Disney cartoons where both parents are present and don't die throughout the movie.
A pig's orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
'Stewardesses' is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
To escape the grip of a crocodile's jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs - it will let you go instantly.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
The word 'samba' means 'to rub navels together.'
Mel Blanc (the voice of Bugs Bunny) was allergic to carrots.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II Killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
A 'jiffy' is a unit of time for 1/100th of a second.
A whale's penis is called a dork.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
In 1912 a law passed in Nebraska where drivers in the country at night were required to stop every 150 yards, send up a skyrocket, wait eight minutes for the road to clear before proceeding cautiously, all the while blowing their horn and shooting off flares.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920's.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
Crocodiles and alligators are surprisingly fast on land. Although they are rapid, they are not agile. So, if being chased by one, run in a zigzag line to lose him or her.
Seattle’s Fremont Bridge rises up and down more than any drawbridge in the world.
Right-handed people live, on average; nine years longer than left handed people.
Ten percent of the Russian government's income comes from the sale of vodka.
In the United States, a pound of potato chips costs two hundred times more than a pound of potatoes.
A giraffe can go without water longer than a camel.
A person cannot taste food unless it is mixed with saliva. For example, if a strong-tasting substance like salt is placed on a dry tongue, the taste buds will not be able to taste it. As soon as a drop of saliva is added and the salt is dissolved, however, a definite taste sensation results. This is true for all foods.
Nearly 80% of all animals on earth have six legs.
In the marriage ceremony of the ancient Inca Indians of Peru, the couple was considered officially wed when they took off their sandals and handed them to each other.
Ninety percent of all species that have become extinct have been birds.
There is approximately one chicken for every human being in the world.
Most collect calls are made on father's day.
The first automobile race ever seen in the United States was held in Chicago in 1895. The track ran from Chicago to Evanston, Illinois. The winner was J. Frank Duryea, whose average speed was 71/2 miles per hour.
Each of us generates about 3.5 pounds of rubbish a day, most of it paper.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in 75% of all Americans households.
A rainbow can be seen only in the morning or late afternoon. It can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.
It costs more to buy a new car today in the United States than it cost Christopher Columbus to equip and undertake three voyages to and from the New World.
An eighteenth-century German named Matthew Birchinger, known as 'the little man of Nuremberg,' played four musical instruments including the bagpipes, was an expert calligrapher, and was the most famous stage magician of his day. He performed tricks with the cup and balls that have never been explained. Yet Birchinger had no hands, legs, or thighs, and was less than 29 inches tall.
Daylight Saving Time is not observed in most of the state of Arizona and parts of Indiana.
Ants closely resemble human manners: When they wake, they stretch & appear to yawn in a human manner before taking up the tasks of the day.
Bees have 5 eyes. There are 3 small eyes on the top of a bee's head and 2 larger ones in front.
Count the number of cricket chirps in a 15-second period, add 37 to the total, and your result will be very close to the actual outdoor Fahrenheit temperature.
One-fourth of the world's population lives on less than $200 a year. Ninety million people survive on less than $75 a year.
Only female mosquito’s' bite and most are attracted to the color blue twice as much as to any other color.
In eighteenth-century English gambling dens, there was an employee whose only job was to swallow the dice if there was a police raid.
The human tongue tastes bitter things with the taste buds toward the back. Salty and pungent flavors are tasted in the middle of the tongue, sweet flavors at the tip!
The first product to have a bar code was Wrigley’s gum.
When you sneeze, air and particles travel through the nostrils at speeds over100 mph. During this time, all bodily functions stop, including your heart, contributing to the impossibility of keeping one's eyes open during a sneeze.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
%60 of all people using the Internet, use it for pornography.
In 1778, fashionable women of Paris never went out in blustery weather without a lightning rod attached to their hats.
Sex burns 360 calories per hour.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continually from the bottom of the glass to the top.
Celery has negative calories! It takes more calories to eat a piece of celery than the celery has in it.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words. More than 2 billion pencils are manufactured each year in the United States. If these were laid end to end they would circle the world nine times.
The pop you hear when you crack your knuckles is actually a bubble of gas burning.
A literal translation of a standard traffic sign in China: 'Give large space to the festive dog that makes sport in the roadway.'
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching TV.
Larry Lewis ran the 100-yard dash in 17.8 seconds in 1969, thereby setting a new world's record for runners in the 100-years-or-older class. He was 101.
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
It's against the law to doze off under a hair dryer in Florida/against the law to slap an old friend on the back in Georgia/against the law to Play hopscotch on a Sunday in Missouri.
Barbie's measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30ft.
One third of all cancers are sun related.
THE MOST UNUSUAL CANNONBALL: On two occasions, Miss 'Rita Thunderbird' remained inside the cannon despite a lot of gunpowder encouragement to do otherwise. She performed in a gold lamé bikini and on one of the two occasions (1977) Miss Thunderbird remained lodged in the cannon, while her bra was shot across the Thames River.
It has been estimated that humans use only 10% of their brain.
Valentine Tapley from Pike County, Missouri grew chin whiskers attaining a length of twelve feet six inches from 1860 until his death 1910, protesting Abraham Lincoln's election to the presidency.
Most Egyptians died by the time they were 30 about 300 years ago,
For some time Frederic Chopin, the composer and pianist, wore a beard on only one side of his face, explaining: 'It does not matter, my audience sees only my right side.'
1 in every 4 Americans has appeared someway or another on television.
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
Studies have shown that children laugh an average of 300 times/day and adults 17 times/day, making the average child more optimistic, curious, and creative than the adult.
The shortest war in history was between Zanzibar and England in 1896. Zanzibar surrendered after 38 minutes.
You were born with 300 bones, but by the time you are an adult you will only have 206.
If you go blind in one eye you only lose about one fifth of your vision but all your sense of depth.
The strongest muscle (Relative to size) in the body is the tongue.
American Airlines saved $40,000 in 1987 by eliminating one olive from each salad served in first-class.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
A palindrome is a sentence or group of sentences that reads the same backwards as it does forward: Ex: 'Red rum, sir, is murder.' 'Ma is as selfless as I am.' 'Nurse, I spy gypsies. Run!' 'A man, a plan, a canal - Panama.' 'He lived as a devil, eh?'
The first CD pressed in the US was Bruce Springsteen's 'Born in the USA'
In 1986 Congress & President Ronald Reagan signed Public Law 99-359, which changed Daylight Saving Time from the last Sunday in April to the first Sunday in April. It was estimated to save the nation about 300,000 barrels of oil each year by adding most of the month April to D.S.T.
The thumbnail grows the slowest, the middle nail the fastest, nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
The Human eyes never grow, but nose and ears never stop growing.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottles represents the number of varieties of pickles the company once had.
Tom Sawyer was the first novel written on a typewriter.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
Odds of being killed by lightening? 1 in 2million/killed in a car crash? 1 in 5,000/killed by falling out of bed? 1 in 2million/killed in a plane crash? 1 in 25 million.
Since 1978, 37 people have died by Vending Machine's falling on them. 13 people are killed annually. All this while trying to shake merchandise out of them. 113 people have been injured.
Half the foods eaten throughout the world today were developed by farmers in the Andes Mountains (including potatoes, maize, sweet potatoes, squash, all varieties of beans, peanuts, manioc, papayas, strawberries, mulberries and many others).
The 'Golden Arches' of fast food chain McDonalds is more recognized worldwide than the religious cross of Christianity.
Former basketball superstar Michael Jordan is the most recognized face in the world, more than the pope himself.
The average talker sprays about 300 microscopic saliva droplets per minute, about 2.5 droplets per word.
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
Every year 11,000 Americans injure themselves while trying out bizarre sexual positions.
If we had the same mortality rate now as in 1900, more than half the people in the world today would not be alive.
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
Researchers at the Texas Department of Highways in Fort Worth determined the cow population of the U.S. burps some 50 million tons of valuable hydrocarbons into the atmosphere each year. The accumulated burps of ten average cows could keep a small house adequately heated and its stove operating for a year.
During a severe windstorm or rainstorm the Empire State Building sways several feet to either side.
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
The Black Death reduced the population of Europe by one third in the period from 1347 to 1351.
The average person spends about two years on the phone in a lifetime.
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
Over 60% of all those who marry get divorced.
400-quarter pounders can be made from 1 cow.
A full-loaded supertanker traveling at normal speed takes at least 20 minutes to stop.
Coca-Cola was originally green.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better.
Hong Kong holds the most Rolls Royce’s per capita.
Average number of days a West German goes without washing his underwear: 7
WWII fighter pilots in the South Pacific armed their airplanes while stationed with .50 caliber machine gun ammo belts measuring 27 feet before being loaded into the fuselage. If the pilots fired all their ammo at a target, he went through 'the whole 9 yards', hence the term.
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Iceland consumes more Coca-Cola per capita than any other nation.
In the early 1940s, the FCC assigned television's Channel 1 to mobile services (like two-way radios in taxis) but did not re-number the other channel assignments.
The San Francisco Cable cars are the only mobile National Monuments.
Firehouses have circular stairways originating from the old days when the engines were pulled by horses. The horses were stabled on the ground floor and figured out how to walk up straight staircases.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
Statues in parks: If the horse has both front legs in the air, the person died in battle; if the horse has one front leg in the air, the person died as a result of wounds received in battle; if the horse has all four legs on the ground, the person died of natural causes.
The expression 'to get fired' comes from long ago Clans that wanted to get rid of unwanted people, so they would burn their houses instead of killing them, creating the term 'Got fired'.
'I am.' is the shortest complete sentence in the English language.
Hershey's Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
The phrase 'rule of thumb' is derived from an old English law, which stated that you couldn't beat your wife with anything wider than your thumb.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The Eisenhower interstate system requires that one mile in every five must be straight in case of war or emergency, they could be used as airstrips.
The name Jeep came from the abbreviation used in the army. G.P. for 'General Purpose' vehicle.
The Pentagon, in Arlington, Virginia, has twice as many bathrooms as is necessary, because when it was built in the 1940s, the state of Virginia still had segregation laws requiring separate toilet facilities for blacks and whites.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
If you have three quarters, four dimes, and four pennies, you have $1.19, the largest amount of money in coins without being able to make change for a dollar.
In Aspen Colorado, you can have a maximum income of $104,000 and still receive government subsidized housing.
Honking of car horns for a couple that just got married is an old superstition to insure great sex.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg's Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
The sperm of a mouse is actually longer than the sperm of an elephant.
In medieval France, unfaithful wives were made to chase a chicken through town naked.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
Napoleon's penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000.
Eating the heart of a male Partridge was the cure for impotence in ancient Babylon.
A bull can inseminate 300 cows from one single ejaculation.
When a Hawaiian woman wears a flower over her left ear, it means that she is not available.
The 'save' icon on Microsoft Word shows a floppy disk with the shutter on backwards.
The only nation whose name begins with an 'A', but doesn't end in an 'A' is Afghanistan.
The following sentence: 'A rough-coated, dough-faced, thoughtful ploughman strode through the streets of Scarborough; after falling into a slough, he coughed and hiccoughed.' Contains the nine different pronunciations of 'ough' in the English Language.
The verb 'cleave' is the only English word with two synonyms which are antonyms of each other: adhere and separate.
The only 15-letter word that can be spelled without repeating a letter is uncopyrightable.
The shape of plant collenchyma’s cells and the shape of the bubbles in beer foam are the same - they are orthotetrachidecahedrons.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan.
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
The first song played on Armed Forces Radio during operation Desert Shield was 'Rock the Casba' by the Clash.
The airplane Buddy Holly died in was the 'American Pie.' (Thus the name of the Don McLean song.)
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
Golf courses cover 4% of North America.
The average person will accidentally eat just under a pound of insects every year.
Until 1994, world maps and globes sold in Albania only had Albania on them.
The value of Pi will be officially 'rounded down' to 3.14 from 3.14159265359 on December 31, 1999.
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.
A piece of paper can be folded no more then 9 times.
The amount of computer Memory required to run WordPerfect for Win95 is 8 times the amount needed aboard the space shuttle.
The average North American will eat 35,000 cookies during their life span.
Between 25% and 33% of the population sneeze when exposed to light.
The most common name in world is Mohammed.
Mount Olympus Mons on Mars is three times the size of Mount Everest.
Most toilets flush in E flat.
2,000 pounds of space dust and other space debris fall on the Earth every day.
Each month, there is at least one report of UFOs from each province of Canada.
40,000 Americans are injured by toilets each year.
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
It takes about 142.18 licks to reach the center of a Tootsie pop.
The serial number of the first MAC ever produced was 2001.
If done perfectly, a rubix cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
The average American butt is 14.9 inches long.
More bullets were fired in 'Starship Troopers' than any other movie ever made.
60% of electrocutions occur while talking on the telephone during a thunderstorm.
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles.
3.6 cans of Spam are consumed each second.
There's a systematic lull in conversation every 7 minutes.
The buzz from an electric razor in America plays in the key of B flat; Key of G in England.
There are 1,575 steps from the ground floor to the top of the Empire State building.
The world's record for keeping a Lifesaver in the mouth with the hole intact is 7 hrs 10 min.
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
In the Philippine jungle, the yo-yo was first used as a weapon.
Texas is also the only state that is allowed to fly its state flag at the same height as the U.S. flag.
The three most recognized Western names in China are Jesus Christ, Richard Nixon, & Elvis Presley.
There is a town in Newfoundland, Canada called Dildo.
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is the only place in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane.
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won't flow.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
There are more plastic flamingos in the U.S that there are real ones.
The crack of a whip is actually a tiny sonic boom, since the tip breaks the sound barrier.
Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
The common idea that only 10% of the brain is used it not true as it is impossible to determine the actual percentage because of the complexity of the brain.
Lawn darts are illegal in Canada.
There are more psychoanalysts per capita in Buenos Aires than any other place in the world.
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
5,840 people with pillow related injuries checked into U.S. emergency rooms in 1992.
The average woman consumes 6 lbs of lipstick in her lifetime.
Some individuals express concern sharing their soap, rightly so, considering 75% of all people wash from top to bottom.
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
CBS' '60 Minutes' is the only TV show without a theme song/music.
Half of all Americans live within 50 miles of their birthplace.
'Obsession' is the most popular boat name.
On average, Americans' favorite smell is banana.
If one spells out numbers, they would have to count to One Thousand before coming across the letter 'A'.
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
This common everyday occurrence composed of 59% nitrogen, 21% hydrogen, and 9% dioxide is called a 'fart'.
'Evaluation and Parameterization of Stability and Safety Performance Characteristics of Two and Three Wheeled Vehicular Toys for Riding.' Title of a $230,000 research project proposed by the Department of Health, Education and Welfare, to study the various ways children fall off bicycles.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They don't appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time (think about that one!)
Los Angeles' full name 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula' is reduced to 3.63% of its size in the abbreviation 'L.A.'.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there's no air pressure.
The only real person to ever to appear on a pez dispenser was Betsy Ross.
Mike Nesmith's (the guitarist of The Monkeys) mom invented White Out.
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
241. In a test performed by Canadian scientists, using various different styles of music, it was determined that chickens lay the most eggs when pop music was played.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
Any free-moving liquid in outer space will form itself into a sphere, because of its surface tension.
The average American looks at eight houses before buying one.
Koala is Aboriginal for 'no drink'.
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
The first contraceptive was crocodile dung used by the ancient Egyptians.
A signature is called a John Hancock because he signed the Declaration of Independence. Only 2 people signed the declaration of independence on July 4. The Last person signed 2 years later.
Arnold Schonberg suffered from triskaidecaphobia, the fear of the number 13. He died at 13 minutes from midnight on Friday the 13th.
Mozart wrote the nursery rhyme 'twinkle, twinkle, little star' at the age of 5.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald.
Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
Einstein couldn't speak fluently until after his ninth birthday. His parents thought he was mentally retarded.
Al Capone's business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
Deborah Winger did the voice of E.T.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
Thomas Edison, acclaimed inventor of the light bulb, was afraid of the dark.
You can sail all the way around the world at latitude 60 degrees south.
The earth weighs around 6,588,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 tons.
Porcupines can float in water.
The average person's left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is 'screeched.'
All of the clocks in the movie 'Pulp Fiction' are stuck on 4:20, a national pot-smokers hour.
'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the letters 'mt.'
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies' room during a dance.
There are only four words in the English language which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Tigers not only have striped fur, they have striped skin!
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
On the ground, a group of geese is a gaggle, in the sky it is a skein.
To Ensure Promptness, one is expected to pay beyond the value of service – hence the later abbreviation: T.I.P.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state's third largest city.
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra's 'Its A Wonderful Life.'
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the '1'encased in the 'shield' and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
The name for Oz in the 'Wizard of Oz' was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z; hence the name 'OZ.'
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon's first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
The scene where Indiana Jones shoots the swordsman in Raider’s of the Lost Ark was Harrison Ford's idea so that he could take a bathroom break.
All polar bears are left-handed.
Elephants are the only animals that can't jump.
February 1865 is the only month in recorded history not to have a full moon.
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you will have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
In the last 4000 years, no new animals have been domesticated.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented the scissors.
The word 'set' has more definitions than any other word in the English language.
On average, people fear spiders more than they do death.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
Shakespeare invented the word 'assassination' and 'bump'.
Starfish haven't got brains.
The ant always falls over on its right side when intoxicated.
The name of all continents in the world end with the same letter that they start with.
There are two credit cards for every person in the United States.
The longest word comprised of one row on the keyboard is: TYPEWRITER
You can't kill yourself by holding your breath.
The average person spends 12 weeks a year 'looking for things'.
The symbol on the 'pound' key (#) is called an octothorpe..
Ingrown toenails are hereditary.
'Underground' is the only word in the English language that begins and ends with the letters 'und'
The longest word in the English language, according to the Oxford English Dictionary, is: pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis..
The longest place-name still in use is: Taumatawhakatangihangakoauauotamateaturipukakapikimaungahoronukupokaiakitnatahu, a New Zealand hill.
Alfred Hitchcock didn't have a belly button. It was eliminated when he was sewn up after surgery.
Telly Savalas and Louis Armstrong died on their birthdays.
Donald Duck's middle name is Fauntleroy.
The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
Steely Dan got their name from a sexual device depicted in the book 'The Naked Lunch'.
The Ramses brand condom is named after the great pharoh Ramses II who fathered over 160 children.
There is a seven letter word in the English language that contains ten words without rearranging any of its letters, 'therein': the, there, he, in, rein, her, here, ere, therein, herein.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.
The male gypsy moth can 'smell' the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.
The letters KGB stand for Komitet Gosudarstvennoy Bezopasnosti.
The word 'dexter' whose meaning refers to the right hand is typed with only the left hand.
To 'testify' was based on men in the Roman court swearing to a statement made by swearing on their testicles.
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning 'containing arsenic.'
The word 'Checkmate' in chess comes from the Persian phrase 'Shah Mat,' which means 'the king is dead.'
The first episode of 'Joanie Loves Chachi' was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television, a country where 'Chachi' translates to 'penis'.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses. No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
Two-thirds of the world's eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
Giraffes have no vocal cords.
The pupils of a goat's eyes are square.
Van Gogh only sold one painting when he was alive.
A standard slinky measures 87 feet when stretched out.
The highest per capita Jell-O comsumption in the US is Des Moines.
If a rooster can't fully extend its neck, it can't crow.
There were always 56 curls in Shirley Temple's hair.
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
Worcestershire sauce in essentially an Anchovy Ketchup.
Rhode Island is the only state which the hammer throw is a legal high school sport.
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
A spider has transparent blood.
Every acre of American crops harvested contains 100 pounds of insects.
Prince Charles is an avid collecter of toilet seats.
The most common street name in the U.S. is Second Street.
Tehran is the most expensive city on earth.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
Babies are most likely to be born on Tuesdays.
The HyperMart outside of Garland Texas has 58 check-outs.
The Minneapolis phone book has 21 pages of Andersons.
In the 1980's American migraines increased by 60%.
Poland is the 'stolen car capital of the world'.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
In Miconesia, coins are 12 feet across.
A horse can look forward with one eye and back with the other.
Shakespeare is quoted 33,150 times in the Oxford English dictionary.
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
You spend 7 years of your life in the bathroom.
A family of 26 could go to the movies in Mexico city for the price of one in Tokyo.
10,000 Dutch cows pass through the Amsterdam airport each year.
Approximately every seven minutes of every day, someone in an aerobics class pulls their hamstring.
Simplistic passwords contribute to over 80% of all computer password break-ins.
The top 3 health-related searches on the Internet are (in this order): Depression, Allergies, & Cancer.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
Oak trees do not produce acorns until they are fifty years of age or older.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
All US Presidents have worn glasses; some just didn't like being seen wearing them in public.
Mosquito repellents don't repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito's sensors so they don't know you're there.
Walt Disney was afraid of mice.
The site with the highest number of women visitors between the age of 35 and 44 years old: Alka-Seltzer.com
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year's supply of footballs.
Thirty-five percent of people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth are Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser (in that order).
Humans are the only primates that don't have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Months that begin on a Sunday will always have a 'Friday the 13th'.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they can be easily confused at a crime scene.
The mask worn by Michael Myers in the original 'Halloween' was actually a Captain Kirk mask painted white.
The only two days of the year in which there are no professional sports games--MLB, NBA, NHL, or NFL--are the day before and the day after the Major League All-Star Game.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
When the French Academy was preparing its first dictionary, it defined 'crab' as, 'A small red fish, which walks backwards.' This definition was sent with a number of others to the naturalist Cuvier for his approval. The scientist wrote back, 'Your definition, gentlemen, would be perfect, only for three exceptions. The crab is not a fish, it is not red and it does not walk backwards.'
Dr. Jack Kevorkian first patient has Alzheimer's disease.
Fictional/horror writer Stephen King sleeps with a nearby light on to calm his fear of the dark.
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs but not downstairs.
It was discovered on a space mission that a frog can throw up. The frog throws up its stomach first, so the stomach is dangling out of its mouth. Then the frog uses its forearms to dig out all of the stomach's contents and then swallows the stomach back down.
The very first song played on MTV was 'Video Killed The Radio Star' by the Buggles.
William Marston engineered one of the earliest forms of the polygraph in the early 1900's. Later he went on to create the comic strip Wonder Woman, a story about a displaced Amazon princess who forces anyone caught in her magic lasso to tell the truth
Americans travel 1,144,721,000 miles by air every day
The the U.S. you dial '911'. In Stockholm, Sweden you dial 90000
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
100% of lottery winners do gain weight
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women
A duck's quack doesn't echo, and no one knows why.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
Lorne Greene had one of his nipples bitten off by an alligator while he was host of 'Lorne Greene's Wild Kingdom.'
Pamela Anderson Lee is Canada's Centennial Baby, being the first baby born on the centennial anniversary of Canada's independence.
When possums are playing 'possum', they are not 'playing.' They actually pass out from sheer terror.
Who's that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.
Most lipstick contains fish scales!
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn't wear pants!
There are more than 10 million bricks in the Empire State Building!
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!
The placement of a donkey's eyes in its' heads enables it to see all four feet at all times!
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
Over 1000 birds a year die from smashing into windows!
The state of Florida is bigger than England!
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
Recycling one glass jar, saves enough energy to watch T.V for 3 hours!
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
Honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!
A jellyfish is 95 percent water!
In Bangladesh, kids as young as 15 can be jailed for cheating on their finals!
The katydid bug hears through holes in its hind legs!
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
166,875,000,000 pieces of mail are delivered each year in the US
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The praying mantis is the only insect that can turn its head
Daffy Duck's middle name is 'Dumas'
In Disney's Fantasia, the Sorcerer's name is 'Yensid' (Disney backwards.)
In The Empire Strikes Back there is a potato hidden in the asteroid field
Walt Disney holds the world record for the most Academy Awards won by one person, he has won twenty statuettes, and twelve other plaques and certificates
James Bond's car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
Canada makes up 6.67 percent of the Earth's land area
South Dakota is the only U.S state which shares no letters with the name of it's capital
The KGB is headquartered at No. 2 Felix Dzerzhinsky Square, Moscow
The Vatican city registered 0 births in 1983
Spain leads the world in cork production
There are 269 steps to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa
Leonardo da Vinci could write with one hand while drawing with the other
The average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing.
There are more chickens than people in the world (at least before that chicken-flu thing).
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
'Dreamt' is the only English word that ends in the letters 'mt'.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
There are only four words in the English language which end in 'dous': tremendous, horrendous, stupendous, and hazardous.
Los Angeles’s full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula'. And can be abbreviated to 3.63% of its size, 'L.A.'
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than it’s brain.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers plays football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.
The characters Bert and Ernie on Sesame Street were named after Bert the cop and Ernie the taxi driver in Frank Capra’s 'Its A Wonderful Life'
On an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper left-hand corner of the '1' encased in the 'shield' and a spider hidden in the front upper right-hand corner.
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
Who’s that playing the piano on the 'Mad About You' theme? Paul Reiser himself.
The male gypsy moth can 'smell' the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away (pretty good trick).
The name for Oz in the 'Wizard of Oz' was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z, hence 'Oz.'
John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The 'pound' key on your keyboard (#) is called an octotroph.
The 'dot' over the letter 'i' is called a tittle.
The original story from 'Tales of 1001 Arabian Nights' begins, 'Aladdin was a little Chinese boy.'
Honey is the only natural food that is made without destroying any kind of life. What about milk you say? A cow has to eat grass to produce milk and grass are living.
Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters: A, E, I, O, U, H, K, L, M, N, P, W
And one single teaspoon of honey represents the life work of 12 bees.
Flamingos only can eat with their heads upside down.
Lighter was invented ten years before the match was.
It’s physically impossible for a pig to look up at the sky.
The first internet domain name to ever be registered is Symbolics.com on March 15th, 1985.
Humans are born with 350 bones in their body, but when reaching adulthood, we only 260.
There are 150 verses in Greek national anthem which making it the longest national anthem in the world.
This is impossible to tickle yourself.
A typical pencil can draw a line that is 35 miles long.
Astronauts get taller in space due to the lack of gravity.
The total surface area of human lungs is 750 square feet. That’s roughly the same area as on-side of a tennis court.
Mosquitos have contributed to more deaths than any animals on earth.
An octopus has 3 hearts, 9 brains & blue blood.
The hair on a polar bear is actually not white but clear. They appear white because it reflects light.
A chameleon can move its eyes in two different directions at the same time.
Buttermilk does not contain any butter and actually low in fat.
A giraffe can go longer without water than a camel can.
Australia has the biggest camel population in the world.
Snails can sleep up to 3 years.
Methane gases produced by cow products as much pollution as cars do.
The majority of the duct in your house is made up from your own dead skin.
Most ice-cream contains pig skins (Gelatin).
The Philippine island of Luzon contains a lake that contains an island that contains a lake that contains another island.
Hudson Bay Area in Canada had less gravity than rest of the world and scientists do not know why.
Only one to two percent of the entire world population are natural redheads.
Sloppy handwriting has doctors kills more than 7,000 people and injures more than 1.5million people annually due to getting the wrong medication.
Putting sugar on a wound or cut will greatly reduce pain and shorten healing process.
Real diamonds do not show up in X-ray.
Due to extreme pressure and weather conditions, it literally rains diamonds on Neptune and Uranus.
There are 7 different kinds of twins: Identical, Fraternal, Half-Identical, Mirror Image Twins, Mixed Chromosome Twins, Superfecundation and Superfetation.
Before the 17th century, carrots were actually purple. They didn’t get their orange color until mutation occupied.
If the sun is scaled down to the size of a white blood cell, the Milky Way would be equal the size of the United States.
A grammatical pedantry syndrome is a form of OCD in which suffers feel the need to correct every grammatical error that they see.
Scorpions can hold their breath underwater for up to 6 days.
In zero gravity, a candle’s flame is round and blue.
Only 8 percent of the world’s money exists in physical form, the rest is in computers.
Crows are able to recognize human faces and even hold grudges against ones that they don’t like.
Your cellphone carries up to ten times more bacteria than a toilet seat.
Humans and bananas share about 50 percent of the same DNA.
Humans have fewer chromosomes than a potato.
An American Pharmacist named John Pemberton invented Coca-Cola who advertises it as a nerve tonic for curing headaches and fatigue.
Statistically, you are more likely to die on the way to buy a lottery ticket than you are to win the lottery itself.
The word checkmate comes from the Arabic which means 'the king is dead.'
Hot water turns to ice faster than cool water. This is known as the Mpemba effect.
Apollo 7 Mission was the first 'astronaut ice cream' flew in space. However, it was so unpopular among astronauts and was retired from the menu after only one trip into space.
Apollo 8 astronauts were the first to celebrate Christmas in space.
IV Is The Roman Numeral designation for 4 everywhere. However, on the clock face, 4 is displayed as 'IIII'.
The Apple Macintosh had the signatures Of its design team engraved inside its case.
Japan has the most vending machines per capita, a staggering 1:23.
A study by University Chicago in 1915, it concluded that the easiest color to spot at a distance is the color yellow. Which is why the most popular color for taxi cabs are yellow.
Japanese police declare murders that they cannot solve as suicides, in order to save faces and keep crime rate artificially low.
The smallest poisonous frogs only 10 millimeters (0.393701 inch) in length.
Farting helps to reduce blood pressure and is good for your overall health.
In 1994, the US Air Force did research on creating a gay bomb (are informal names for theoretical non-lethal chemical weapon) which is a non-lethal bomb containing very strong human sexual pheromones that would make the enemy forces attracted to each other.
There are around 1,584 people in the United States named 'Seven'.
The classic heart shape that we all know was meant to be two hearts fused together.
The water we drink is older than the sun. The sun is 4.6 billion years old.
The water on our planet is very old. The water we have now is the same water that existed hundreds of millions of year ago. The next time you drink a glass of water, you could be about to sip on dinosaur pee.
Meanwhile, about 40% of Americans think humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.
Nobody knows who named our planet 'Earth'.
Michael Nicholson from Michigan. He has one bachelor’s degree, two associate’s degrees, 22 master’s degrees, three specialist degrees and one doctoral degree, making him the most credentialed person in history.
Practicing a kill in your head will make you better at it, but only if you’re already good at it.
If two identical twins have children with another pair of identical twins, then their children will genetically be full siblings.
In Biertan village (located in Transylvania, Romania) the church had a 'divorce-reconciliation room.' Couples that wanted to get a divorce had to live in a room for two weeks with one small bed, one chair, one table, one plate and one spoon. In 300 years, they only had one divorce.
Killing a panda in China is a seriously crime. It is punishable by death.
December 4th is the National Cookie Day!
Beards can slow the aging process by stopping water from leaving the skin, keeping it moisturized.
A survey found that 33% of men and 43% of women claimed that they had fallen in love with someone they did not initially find attractive.
Most people dream in color, but those who grow up watching television in black and white are more likely to dream in black and white.
Mixing your drinks with diet soda can get you drunk about 18% faster than regular soda. Hummm…
The number of H2O molecules in 10 drops of water is roughly equal to the total amount of stars in the universe.
Octopuses have copper-based blood instead of iron-based blood, which is why their blood is blue rather than red.
Also, they have three hearts and nine brains
The hormones responsible for your growth are only produced when you sleep.
You touch your face an average of once every three minutes. And you properly touched your face after you read it.
People who sleep less than six hours a night are 4.2 times more likely to catch a cold compared those who get more than seven hours of sleep.
Dogs can make about 100 different facial expressions.
Iceland has no army as is often recognized as the most peaceful country in the world.
Shigeru Miyamoto – maker of Super Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong – is not allowed to bike to work because his safety is too important to Nintendo.
Every year, women lose approximately 1.73 billion bobby pins.
Dolphins give each other 'names' – Specific sounds that they use to call friends and family.
Chimpanzee babies like to play with dolls – They’ll make dolls out of sticks and rocks for themselves.
Squirrels plant thousands of trees every year, simply by forgetting where they put their acorns.
Koalas can sleep for up to 20 hours a day.
The average woman will spend one full year of her life trying to decide what to wear.
The average woman owns eight times more makeup than she actually uses.
Rainbows that appear at night are called 'moonbows.'
100 million years ago, crocodiles had long legs and could gallop after their prey.
The real Top Gun school give a $5 fine to any staff member that quotes the movie.
